feat(migrate): DB tooling for v1.19.2 -> v2.0.0 (URLs + emails + ACL audit) (#1543)
finos/git-proxy: scripts/migrate/Migration-guide-v1-to-v2.md

| **1** | `migrate-urls.js`, `backup-urls.js`   | **Repo URL normalization** — append `.git` to `repos.url` where missing (idempotent)                                                                                               |
| **2** | `migrate-users.js`, `backup-users.js` | **Email audit** (blocking issues) + optional **CSV apply**; **ACL audit** — list `canPush` / `canAuthorise` entries that do not resolve to any `User.username` (no silent rewrite) |

Env: `MONGO_URI`, `DB_NAME` (see `scripts/migrate/lib/config.js`). Reports: `reports/{date}-migration/`.

## npm scripts

```bash
npm run migrate:urls                        # repo URL normalization — dry-run
npm run backup:urls
npm run migrate:urls -- --apply              # apply normalization

npm run migrate:users                        # email + ACL audit (dry-run)
npm run backup:users
npm run migrate:users -- --apply --csv ./map.csv
```

---

## Phase 1 — Repo URL normalization (append `.git` where missing)

**Goal:** every `repos.url` that v2 will match must include the `.git` suffix where it is missing.

> **Why:** v2 resolves repos by **exact** `url`; v1 often relied on `name`. Clients typically send URLs with `.git`; rows without `.git` stop matching.

Reviewer: If the "client" you're referring to is the UI, this is inaccurate: the UI enforces the `.git` ending when creating new repositories. I'd edit this for accuracy/clarity:

```suggestion
**Why:** v2 resolves repos by **exact** `url`; v1 often relied on `name`. Rows without `.git` no longer match when calling `getRepoByUrl`, which makes processors such as `checkRepoInAuthorisedList` behave unexpectedly.
```

Author: Good point, this is definately my miswording - by "clients" I meant incoming git HTTP traffic (which includes .git in the path), not the admin UI, which already enforces .git on create. I've updated the 'Why..' section to describe the actual failure mode: exact `getRepoByUrl` lookup vs legacy rows without `.git`, and the impact on processors like `checkRepoInAuthorisedList`
